DOC-311 add distributed, queues, slow requests dashboards (#14055)
cockroachdb/docs: v22.1/ui-overview.md

- [SQL dashboard](ui-sql-dashboard.html) has metrics about SQL connections, byte traffic, queries, transactions, and service latency.
- [Storage dashboard](ui-storage-dashboard.html) has metrics about storage capacity and file descriptors.
- [Replication dashboard](ui-replication-dashboard.html) has metrics about how data is replicated across the cluster, e.g., range status, replicas per store, and replica quiescence.

> - [Distributed dashboard](ui-distributed-dashboard.html) has metrics about distribution tasks across the cluster, e.g., RPCs, transactions, and node heartbeats.

Reviewer: I think we're moving away from latin.
```suggestion
- [Distributed dashboard](ui-distributed-dashboard.html) has metrics about distribution tasks across the cluster including RPCs, transactions, and node heartbeats.
```

> - [Queues dashboard](ui-queues-dashboard.html) has metrics about the health and performance of various queueing systems in CockroachDB, e.g., the garbage collection and Raft log queues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Queues dashboard](ui-queues-dashboard.html) has metrics about the health and performance of various queueing systems in CockroachDB, including garbage collection and Raft log queues.
```

> - [Slow requests dashboard](ui-slow-requests-dashboard.html) has metrics about important cluster tasks that take longer than expected to complete, e.g., Raft proposals and lease acquisitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Slow requests dashboard](ui-slow-requests-dashboard.html) has metrics about important cluster tasks that take longer than expected to complete including Raft proposals and lease acquisitions.
```
